---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "defectdojo_jira_instance Data Source - terraform-provider-defectdojo"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data source for DefectDojo Jira Instance. You can specify either the id or the url to look up the Jira Instance.
---

# defectdojo_jira_instance (Data Source)

Data source for DefectDojo Jira Instance. You can specify either the `id` or the `url` to look up the Jira Instance.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Lookup by URL
data "defectdojo_jira_instance" "example" {
  url = "https://jira.example.com"
}

# Or lookup by ID
# data "defectdojo_jira_instance" "by_id" {
#   id = "1"
# }
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) Identifier
- `url` (String) The URL of the Jira instance. Specify either id or url.

### Read-Only

- `accepted_mapping_resolution` (String) JIRA resolution that maps to Risk Accepted in DefectDojo.
- `close_status_key` (Number) Transition ID to Close JIRA issues.
- `configuration_name` (String) A name for this Jira configuration.
- `critical_mapping_severity` (String) Maps to the Priority field in Jira for Critical severity.
- `default_issue_type` (String) Default issue type.
- `epic_name_id` (Number) The Epic Name field ID in Jira.
- `false_positive_mapping_resolution` (String) JIRA resolution that maps to False Positive in DefectDojo.
- `finding_jira_sync` (Boolean) If enabled, sync finding changes automatically to JIRA.
- `finding_text` (String) Additional text added to findings in Jira.
- `global_jira_sla_notification` (Boolean) Send SLA notifications via Jira.
- `high_mapping_severity` (String) Maps to the Priority field in Jira for High severity.
- `info_mapping_severity` (String) Maps to the Priority field in Jira for Info severity.
- `issue_template_dir` (String) Folder containing Django templates for JIRA issue descriptions.
- `low_mapping_severity` (String) Maps to the Priority field in Jira for Low severity.
- `medium_mapping_severity` (String) Maps to the Priority field in Jira for Medium severity.
- `open_status_key` (Number) Transition ID to Re-Open JIRA issues.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password or API Token for Jira authentication.
- `username` (String) Username or Email Address for Jira authentication.
