---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "defectdojo_jira_product_configuration Resource - terraform-provider-defectdojo"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A Jira Product Configuration is the connection between a Product and a Jira Instance. It defines the Product's settings for pushing Findings to Jira.
---

# defectdojo_jira_product_configuration (Resource)

A Jira Product Configuration is the connection between a Product and a Jira Instance. It defines the Product's settings for pushing Findings to Jira.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "defectdojo_jira_product_configuration" "example" {
  product_id       = "1"
  jira_instance_id = "1"
  project_key      = "PROJ"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `add_vulnerability_id_to_jira_label` (Boolean) Whether to add the vulnerability ID to the Jira label.
- `component` (String) The Jira component to use for issues.
- `default_assignee` (String) JIRA default assignee (name). If left blank then it defaults to whatever is configured in JIRA.
- `enable_engagement_epic_mapping` (Boolean) Whether to map engagements to epics in Jira
- `enabled` (Boolean) When disabled, Findings will no longer be pushed to Jira, even if they have already been pushed previously.
- `engagement_id` (String) The ID of the Engagement. Although optional, either the Product ID or the Engagement ID must be defined to create a Jira Product Configuration.
- `epic_issue_type_name` (String) The name of the structure that represents an Epic.
- `issue_template_dir` (String) The folder containing Django templates used to render the JIRA issue description. Leave empty to use the default jira_full templates.
- `jira_instance_id` (String) The ID of the Jira Instance to use for this Product
- `jira_labels` (String) JIRA issue labels space separated.
- `product_id` (String) The ID of the Product to configure. Although optional, either the Product ID or the Engagement ID must be defined to create a Jira Product Configuration.
- `product_jira_sla_notification` (Boolean) Send SLA notifications as comments
- `project_key` (String) The Jira Project Key
- `push_all_issues` (Boolean) Automatically maintain parity with JIRA. Always create and update JIRA tickets for findings in this Product.
- `push_notes` (Boolean) Whether to push notes to Jira
- `risk_acceptance_expiration_notification` (Boolean) Send Risk Acceptance expiration notifications as comments

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Identifier
