---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "defectdojo_product Resource - terraform-provider-defectdojo"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  DefectDojo Product
---

# defectdojo_product (Resource)

DefectDojo Product

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "defectdojo_product" "example" {
  name            = "An example name"
  description     = "An example description"
  product_type_id = data.defectdojo_product_type.example.id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `description` (String) The description of the Product
- `name` (String) The name of the Product
- `product_type_id` (Number) The ID of the Product Type

### Optional

- `business_criticality` (String) The Business Criticality of the Product. Valid values are: 'very high', 'high', 'medium', 'low', 'very low', 'none'
- `disable_sla_breach_notifications` (Boolean) Disable SLA breach notifications if configured in the global settings.
- `enable_full_risk_acceptance` (Boolean) Allows full risk acceptance using a risk acceptance form, expiration date, uploaded proof, etc.
- `enable_product_tag_inheritance` (Boolean) Enables product tag inheritance. Any tags added on a product will automatically be added to all Engagements, Tests, and Findings.
- `enable_skip_risk_acceptance` (Boolean) Allows simple risk acceptance by checking/unchecking a checkbox.
- `external_audience` (Boolean) Specify if the application is used by people outside the organization.
- `internet_accessible` (Boolean) Specify if the application is accessible from the public internet.
- `life_cycle` (String) The Lifecycle state of the Product. Valid values are: 'construction', 'production', 'retirement'
- `origin` (String) The Origin of the Product. Valid values are: 'third party library', 'purchased', 'contractor', 'internal', 'open source', 'outsourced'
- `platform` (String) The Platform of the Product. Valid values are: 'web service', 'desktop', 'iot', 'mobile', 'web'
- `prod_numeric_grade` (Number) The Numeric Grade of the Product
- `product_manager_id` (Number) The ID of the user who is the PM for this product.
- `regulation_ids` (Set of Number) The IDs of the Regulations which apply to this product.
- `revenue` (String) Estimate the application's revenue.
- `sla_configuration` (Number) The ID of the SLA configuration to apply to this product.
- `tags` (Set of String) Tags to apply to the product
- `team_manager_id` (Number) The ID of the user who is the manager for this product.
- `technical_contact_id` (Number) The ID of the user who is the technical contact for this product.
- `user_records` (Number) Estimate the number of user records within the application.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Identifier

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import defectdojo_product.example 123
```
